that's so fun to watch you like being
part of a small band sure how are you
les I am seeing you since Thanos snapped
his terrible fingers yes I you how I
would I saw you though since then what
does that mean
so yes so I was here with like three
other people and you know you don't get
a lot of like face time and I feel like
we don't know each other well and I saw
you I was in Seattle it was in April and
yes I was like you lived there I don't
be like revealing you know no I was
there interviewing Michelle Obama
actually in Tacoma yeah I was in Seattle
for the day okay yeah that's good I was
there I was doing tourist things like
going to it spike something like place
Marquette right and I was trying to find
lunch and there's this like little
French bistro I wanted to try out and it
was really small and narrow and I was
looking at the menu on the glass and you
were right there oh and I I have really
bad social anxiety like here and outside
of work and seeing work people and like
your private life and I felt really
weird sitting through a meal not knowing
if I should say hi to you or not and so
I just went to a different recipe yeah
it is very strange but do you like
people that like does you see so many
people all the time and if like I don't
I don't know of course try embarrass no
but really well I mean a leg lamb you
know yeah if you come up and said hello
of course you know okay as long as
people are drunk I'm fine with anybody
you know like okay perfect done yeah the
bunch of cattle no problem
well I'm sorry that I'm sorry I scared
you away it was as I recall it was a
very good lunch yeah it looked like a
really great I think you were with your
with a couple women I like I
[Applause]
a couple of women I was with my wife the
other woman was the waitress probably
did she have a pad in her hand
[Laughter]
well next time please don't hesitate
yeah you are by the way I want to I know
that you get asked about this Marvel
stuff all the time I love this stuff and
I know you've got your own Scarlet Witch
Show coming to Disney Plus but this is
the concept art which kind of looks like
a 50s sitcom Leave It to Beaver type of
thing except for up in the corner we see
vision and we see Scarlet Witch there
shadows you notice an imaginary woman
having lunch with me can you say
anything about it have you seen scripts
or anything I actually have no idea what
I'm allowed to say okay and just spill
it say it alright because we haven't
even like started I don't even know I'm
supposed to say if I'm supposed to start
or not start over in the middle of it I
don't know what they want us to say but
when I found out about it
Feige had Paul and I come in at
different times into his office and it
really felt like being called into the
principal's office and Evan Feige runs
these all the Marvel movies yeah and
Paul Bettany your co-star yes so he had
you guys come in and you were worried
separately he was worried he was getting
fired but I think that Paul is really
great at telling stories so I don't know
how accurate that is yeah or if it's
just a better story saying that but for
me I just thought I got in trouble
saying something about infinity or
something at the time and it's it's kind
of five use creation the show I see it's
an idea that he conceived well if he
conceived it it's going to be good it's
pretty much guaranteed it's yeah oh so
you do know what you know
this is the you have this show on
Facebook watch second season not sorry
for your loss there are no superheroes
in this in this no no wow I mean the the
basic idea for those who don't know so
the basic idea is that I play a young
widow and it's the experience she has
post her husband's death and the
experience that the people around her
also have with his passing which is a
bit of a mystery yes yes yes there's a
mystery of if he act but by the end of
the first season it's a you ask did he
kill himself or was it an accident
right and that's really supposed to be
something that we explore throughout the
second season and really tackling not a
bit more but there is a lot of levity to
the show it's a show about grief and how
people how we don't really like talking
about it and something everyone has to
go through mm-hmm
and it's a it's a really beautifully
done show I would like to say yeah
executive producer of the show as well I
am is that fun being in charge of the
it's so it's really fun it's really
exhausting to it like a whole new level
and I've enjoyed it it's just been a
crash course from like the pitch process
to the color correction and anything all
of that stuff yeah it's been incredible
what's been a really it's been a lot of
learning and I have a thousand one
opinions so it's awesome well yeah and
they have to listen to them yeah exactly
well it's great to see you Elizabeth
oles and everybody
every Tuesday on Facebook blogs we'll be
right back with a look of thousands if
you like that video then put a ring on
it click the subscribe button below
Oh